Okay.
So the next thing that we're going to be adding to our sub now is going to be this icon right here,
this search icon, this magnifying glass.
And we're not going to design this icon from scratch.
Rather, we're going to incorporate a library into our project that's going to give us access to a bunch
of icons just like this one.
And that library is called the font.
Awesome.
So let me take you to the second tab right here.
And it is the official font awesome website which you can access by going to the font awesome icon.
And the first thing to know here is that font awesome is a general collection of icons, thousands of
icons in fact.
And it's not just limited to view, you can use it in any frontend project with any framework or library.
You can use it in a plain HTML project, you can use it with React, with Angular, with view, etc..
So what we're going to be installing in just a moment in our terminal is going to be both the core font
awesome library as well as the view implementation of it, which is basically going to allow us to render
these icons as plain view components.
So this is going to be our first experience with using other people's components within our project,
right?
Let me just show you some of the icons that are available here.
So if I go to this site and I click on icons, it's going to bring us to the search page.
And as you can see, there are almost 15,000 icons in font.
Awesome.
So I can search for something simple like food and you can see there's going to be a whole bunch of
icons here.
Let me search again because it looks like my turn went away.
Here's food.
You can see there's all kinds of funny icons for avocado and bacon and burger.
Here's another example.
If I search for something like computer, you can see that font also has a bunch of other icons for
a basic computer, a mouse, a speaker, etc..
So there's a lot of these helpful small SVG icons that we can add to our project.
And similarly and finally, if I search for search, you're going to see the exact thing we need right
here, a magnifying glass, which is the kind of icon that we want to add in our stuff now.
All right.
So with that said, let's go ahead and open up our terminal and we're going to install the requisite
dependencies in our project.
So I'm going to open up my terminal and make sure you navigate to your job search project and that you
shut down the actual view application.
And this is going to be a plane NPM install command because this is not yet integrated into view SQLite.
So we're going to say NPM install and we're going to add the save flag right here to make sure we add
it to our project's dependencies as going to be three packages.
All three packages are going to be under the same organization and that organization is going to be
at Fort Awesome.
I just want to reiterate here, this is not font awesome.
The name of the organization is Fort Awesome.
LRT Fort like a castle for our and again, that symbol simply means that that is the name of the organization
under which the project is hosted.
So the first library we want is going to be font awesome.
Dash.
SVG.
Dash core.
All right.
And that is one library.
Moving on.
The second library is also going to be under the four awesome organizations right here for Awesome.
Then Slash and this library is called free dash.
Solid dash SVG dash icons.
And finally, the third library is also under the Fort Awesome organization.
So at four awesome.
Then view dash font.
Awesome one word.
And then we need to get a specific version to make sure these dependencies all work together.
So in order to do that, you need to add an app sign right here and we want the pre-release version.
So we're just going to write at pre-release and that is a tagged version of this view font awesome library
that specifically works with Vue three, which is the library version of view that we have in our project.
So once you have those three libraries, go ahead and press enter.
That might take a second to install all of them.
And of course, when all that is done, you can feel free to restart your server with NPM, run, serve
and then we'll pick right back up in our current editor in the very next lesson and I'll show you how
to integrate this into our project.
All right.
So I'll see you there.